The purpose of this model is to utilise the power of signatures in order to perform translations between sequences of text
In theory, we can map words to a vector space by an embedding procedure which essentially provides a homomorphism from
the words of an alphabet into a vector space where the notion of distance is equivalent in some respect to the semantics
of the words.

Our model will essentially solve this as a regression problem of the form p(Y) = f(p(X)) + eps
(where we assume eps is gaussian distributed with mean 0 and variance 1)

where Y and X will be modelled as paths through this vector space, thus p(X) and p(Y) are their respective signatures.
our goal is then to infer the function f which relates the two quantities.

The approach to follow is therefore:
1. given input sentences S(X) and S(Y)
    1.1. we embed the words contained in sentences into a banach space as defined above
    1.2. construct paths X and Y from the sentences and compute their led-lag transforms in order to make them
    continuous
    1.3 compute their signatures p(X) and p(Y)
2. train a linear regression model (initially a basic shallow model but will also consider a deep model or a CNN) L(p(X))
3. apply the inverse signature to retrieve the original path
4. apply the reverse mapping of the embedding to retrieve

Problems with model:
1. A sentence when modelled as a path is not simple in the sense it will likely contain self-intersections and so the
 we cannot guarantee uniqueness of the path given its signature

 possible Workarounds:
 1. we could consider alternative measures of the path such as persistent homologies as studied in TDA which can characterise
 paths of more arbitrary structure (and are also agnostic to the representation of the data) - this will warrant substantial
 investigation into the applications of topology to path based regression

 2. We could still pursue the signature approach but rather cut paths at their self intersections and perform regression on
 them independently, then stitch the resulting sentences together (though it would need to be proven that we do not lose any
 contextual information in doing this)

2. Computation of the inverse signature may not be feasible in all cases as signatures are invariant under translations
 of the path (thus is a reconstruction of the path in the new language may lead to more than one possible mapping)

The model we will provide will be simplistic and not address the problems mentioned above, instead subsequent models will
attempt to explore these issues